Last lecture we implemented geolocation to fetch the position of the user.
But we didn't get any visual feedback was this fetching what's going on we didn't see that something
happened.
So let's change this in order to change this.
I'm going to go back to that place and I will display this loading view we saw before.
So all import or inject your loading controller here and I will also already inject the TOSed control
because I want to show a message if the fetching of the location fails.
So import both controllers from ionic angular year and and check them in the constructor.
And with that added I can now go to on locate and will initialize the loader first.
So stored it in a constant here or my loader using the loading controller asked before and then to create
Meffert and I will simply pass an object define the content of the loader which should be getting your
relocation or something like this.
And then we can instantly present loader because you already start fetching a position here.
Now if we fetch the position we of course want to stop the loader.
So in this case I will access my loader and call the Smiths on it to remove it.
And the same is of course the case if we get an error then we also don't want to show the loader anymore
in the error case.
Also I want to show a message.
So here I will treat a new alert excuse me a new new toast with the TOSed controller and to create Meffert
an endless Tempest all configure the message and the message should be could not get location please
Pequod manually or something like this.
And I want to show this message over two and a half seconds.
You could also add the position to default bottom so no need to add this.
And when it does I can now pre-sent this toast.
So that's a tiny little improvement but we should see that it really makes a difference.
If we now restart our app let it rebuild gilled there pick on and click on locate me and we see that
Spener.
And after a couple of seconds it goes away and we see our map.
So it is working fine.
This works as it should work with that.
Our first native feature was implemented.
Let's next turn to the camera and see how we can implement this to access our device camera and take
some photos.